---
layout: post
title: untitled1
description: raw feelings in raw words from under the bougainvillea of Backyard Brew
typora-root-url: ../../
---

How much will I share today? 

See, _what_ happens in my life isn't my story entirely to tell. 

I'm not the only character. 

-

I've loved. I've lusted. I've lost.

I've stared unseeing eyes into brightness.

I've held space for people of vacuum and of substance.

Since Friday.

-

And in all of this, I've annihilated my sense of place and space. 

I belong nowhere.

I've left myself raw. A quivering nerve. 

Quickened. Bright. 

-

Firing in all directions, 

hoping to connect, 

distrusting connection.

-

It's a tricky balance to strike, 

how to be respectful of the privacy of others 

and to the authenticity of my own experience.

-

Tricky, while typing with blue fingertips,

stained from cleaning hair dye

out of a clogged sink,

(thanks, messy housemate)

((I guess I'm one to talk)).

-

Tricky, indeed. 

I will surely fail. 

-

But that's not the point, is it, 

dear reader?

-

No. It's not.

I'm still writing, 

even with blue fingers. 

-

And you're still here. 

I don't know why, but you are.

-

Is it for me? 

Do you know me in the world and want to know me in my mind? 

Because, if so, please leave. 

You know where to find me in the real. 

Be with me there.

-

Is it for you? 

Are you bored right now? Curious? Anxious? Procrastinating? Confused? 

I don't know what I can do for you.

-

Is it for this? 

These words, this transfer? 

What it brings up in you, what it cleans of me?

Stay a bit longer. And teach me what this should be.
